Copyright © 2011 by the Regents of the University of Michigan acting as agent
for the MTS Consortium.

Except as explicitly noted elsewhere for specific programs and files, this
collection and the individual programs and files that it contains are licensed
under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License (CC BY 3.0). This
license allows you to use, copy, adapt, share, distribute, and transmit the work
provided that you attribute the work by including this copyright statement and
the name of the work, version number, volume reference, or date of publication
that identifies the work in the copies or adaptations you make.

To view a copy of the full license, visit
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative
Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.

NO WARRANTIES and LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

ALL USE of the programs, files, and documentation that make up the work is AT
YOUR OWN RISK. Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the parties in writing and
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, licensor offers the work
AS-IS and makes NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND concerning the
work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including, without limitation,
warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
noninfringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the
presence or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable. Some jurisdictions
do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so this exclusion may not
apply to you. Except to the extent required by applicable law, in no event will
licensor be liable to you on any legal theory for any special, incidental,
consequential, punitive or exemplary damages arising out of this license or the
use of the work, even if licensor has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.
